seed_text = "I can say"

Output: 
I can say it's time that i matter i come out on fire away i tease her knows where 
i long long handle handle handle handle handle handle handle handle handle handle 
tender only been or dreams of shows me you keep me wide to girls handle handle handle
handle baby you handle handle handle handle handle handle handle handle handle handle handle

Adjusted output: 
It's about time I start to prioritize myself and express my feelings openly. 
I enjoy teasing her and she knows exactly what I desire.
She's the only one who has been able to fulfill my dreams and keep me satisfied.


seed_text = "I love you"
Output: 
I love you always forever be me up i will be happy right before you wander near or 
right around my life baby handle handle girls your baby dreams baby waiting handle 
handle dreams is baby baby don't handle handle handle handle handle handle handle 
handle handle handle handle handle handle handle handle handle each life is is and 
don't can see your hand out to see your life is over so this dreams we dreams come 
out to handle tender hide love you handle handle in my baby said she handle handle 
handle handle handle handle handle handle out of love is

Adjusted output: 
My love for you will always endure, lift me up and I will find happiness as soon as you come close or enter my life. 
Baby, take care of your dreams while I take care of mine, don't let go of each other. 
Life is what we make it, and I can't imagine it without your hand in mine. 
Our dreams will come true if we handle them with tenderness and hide our love in each other's hearts.


seed_text = "The love I have"
Output: 
The love I have you never tear us apart all now how time you turn around me to me for
you now i'd be the top ten we'll which above show money up anymore pins above me sayin'
it face you do love me say you do love me like you sayin' i love you never let you kissed 
me in the mold lonely which we go free tight jeans lonely ball building and our world was 
stars happiness better was baby smile look better baby got i'll then my face is and say 
baby you soul a gambler's skies so glad above she

Adjusted output: 
Our love will never be torn apart, no matter how time may turn around us. 
I'll always be there for you, and you'll always be my top priority. 
We used to show off our money, but now it doesn't matter anymore. 
You say you love me, but do you really mean it? 
I'll never forget the way you kissed me under the starry skies, 
making our world a better place.







